Exercise 4
    Answer the following questions in your answers-lab3.txt:

        1. What is the purpose of having an individual handler function for each exception/interrupt? 
        (i.e., if all exceptions/interrupts were delivered to the same handler, what feature that 
        exists in the current implementation could not be provided?)

        The purpose of having individual handler functions for each exception/interrupt is to enable 
        privilege level checking and error code handling. Each interrupt must be configured for its 
        unique function and to indicate to the system how it should be handled. For example, some 
        interrupts push error codes onto the stack while others do not. Having separate handlers 
        allows for us to define which interrupts push error codes onto the stack and which do not. 
        Additionally, having separate handlers allows the kernel to enforce different privilege 
        levels. For example system calls (syscall) are invoked from user mode (ring 3) and other 
        interrupts can only be invoked from kernel mode (ring 0).
        
        2. Did you have to do anything to make the user/softint program behave correctly? 
        The grade script expects it to produce a general protection fault (trap 13), 
        but softint’s code says int $14. Why should this produce interrupt vector 13? 
        What happens if the kernel actually allows softint’s int $14 instruction to invoke 
        the kernel’s page fault handler (which is interrupt vector 14)?

        To make the user/softint program behave correctly, the system considers priveledge levels 
        and interrupt permissions. When the the user-level program (ring 3) attempts to execute 
        an int $14 instruction, the processor checks the privelege level required to invoke 
        said interrupt--which is specified in the DPL feild of the IDT entry. In this case where 
        the DPL is 0 (kernel level) for vector 14's interrupt handler and the user program operates 
        in ring 3 (user mode), the processor will automatically generate a general protection fault 
        (trap 13) instead of the requested interrupt.
        
        This should produce interrupt vector 13 as a form of system security protection. The x86 
        architecture enforces privilege checking for software interrupts. When a program attempts 
        to execute an interrupt instruction for a vector that does not have the required priveldge 
        level access, the processor will generate a general protection fault to prevent the 
        underpriveldged program from modifying any sensitive data.
        
        If the kernel actually allows softint's int $14 instrcution to invoke kernel's page fault handler, 
        it would expose security vulnerabilities and possibly lead to the manipulation of memory management 
        and mapping. This could enable unprivileged code to trick the kernel into mapping unauthorized pages, 
        and modify protected memory regions or create denial-of-service attacks. This would be a breach of 
        system security and could lead to very bad things!
       